ASSIGNMENT1:

1. EMMET:emmet is a plugin for many popular text editors which helps in writing HTML code for your webpage.It is an essential toolkit for web-developers.Emmet takes the concept to the next
 level,where snippets codes are CSS-like expressions that are dynamically parsed and output depends on what is typed in emmet abbreviations.

The syntax of these abbreviations are inspired by CSS and these abbreviations are parsed in runtime transformed into a structural HTML code block. EMMET is specially developed and optimized 
for web-developers whose workflow depends on HTML/XML and CSS, but can be used with other programming language too.As emmet is written in pure javaScript , so it works across different
 platforms like web browsers, Node.js,Microsoft WSH etc.

2. Library vs Framework:

       
              Library                                                                                                     Framework
.Library provides developes with predefined functions and classes                       framework , on the other hand, is like the functions upon which developers build application for 
to make their work easier and boost the process.                                        specific platforms.

INVERSION OF CONTROL:
By using a library, you can control the flow of the application and                     In contrast, when you use a framework, the control is inverted, i.e., the framework controls the 
call the library.                                                                       flow and calls your code.

COLLECTION:
Generally libraries are a collection of helper modules,objects,classes                  Frameworks consist of a lot of APIs,compilers,toolsets,support programs, libraries,etc
functions,message templates,pre-written code,etc

SCOPE:
It is possible to call a library out of context.You may use the library                 You can only call and use what belongs to a framework within the same framework.
whenever you see fit in your code.

FUNCTIONS:
In the program linking and binding process, they play an important role.                Using them , you can build and deploy applications in a standard way as the framework already 
                                                                                        provides code to perform common tasks and uses code provided by a developer for custom 
                                                                                        functionality.

USAGES:
The purpose of libraries is to perform a defined and specific tasks.                    Frameworks can be used for performing a wide range of tasks.Among these are web application systems,
EXAMPLE-Image manipulation , network protocols, math operations,etc                     plug-in managers,GUI Systems,etc

BENIFITS:
Good code quality, reusabilty, and control,enhanced speed and performance               Faster programming,support from the community,great support for MVC(MODEL VIEW CONTROLLER PATTERN),
of the program,etc                                                                       etc                                                                                        
                                                                                
EXAMPLE:
JQuery,ReactJS,etc                                                                      Spring,NodeJS,AngularJS,VueJS,etc

3.CDN:
A content delivery Network(CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of internet content.

A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading internet content needed for loading internet content including HTML pages, javascript files stylesheets,images, and videos.
The popularity of CDN Services continues to grow , and today the majority of web traffic from major sites like facebook,netflix and amazon.

A properly configured CDN may also help protect websites against some common malicious attacks , such as Distributed Denial of Services (DDOS) attacks.

Benifits of CDN:
-improving website load times 
-reducing bandwidth costs 
-increasing content avaibility and redundency 
-improving website security

4. Why is react known as react?
Commonly known as React, it gives resources for developing reusable and easily integrable UI component that reduce development times and provide a responsive user interface for website,
such as a button , a link , menu tabs or search bars.
REACT FUNCTIONALITY:
React is easier to learn compared to Angular React has a large development Community.React offers reusable components .Jsx increases the performance and efficiency of ReactJS.
Efficiency Debugging and error-checking with unidirectional Data Flow.
Redux maintains Data Consistency across all components.

5.Crossorigin in script tag
The HTML <script> crossorigin Attribute is used for loading an external script into their domain from a third party server or another doamin with the support of HTTP CORS Request . This 
attribute is used to protect sensitive information from the third party when fetching out the results.

Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) is a tool that allows web pages requesting for resources from another domain thst is outside of their own domain that is outside of their own domain. 
is also used for managing cross-origin reuests which is a request for a resource from an outside domain.

SYNTAX:
<Script crossorigin="anonymous | use-credentials">

6.React and ReactDOM:
React: The react package holds the react source for components, state, props and all that is react.

The react-dom package as the name implies is the glue between React and the DOM. Often, you will only use it for one single thing: 
monitoring your application to the index.html file with ReactDOM.render()

:- The reason React and ReactDOM were split into two libraries was due to arrival of React Native (A react platform for mobile development).

React component are such a great way to organise UI  that it has now spread to mobile to react is used in web and in mobile .ReactDOM is only used in web applications.

7.react.development.js   vs    react.production.js

The development build is used as the name suggests for development reason.You have source Maps,debugging and often times hot reloading ability in those builds.

The production build , on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your clients machine. The production build runs uglify and builds your source
files into one or multiple minimized files.It also extracts CSS and images and ofcourse any other source you're loading with webpack.There's also no hot reloading included as seperate files 
depending on your webpack devtool.

8. async and defer:

async:The async attribute is somewhat like defer. it also makes the script non-blocking.But, it has important differences in the begaviour.

The async attribute means that a script is completely independent.
-The browser doesn't block on async scripts scripts(like defer)
-Other scripts doesn't wait for async scripts doesn't wait for them.
-DOMContentLoaded and async scripts doesn't wait for each-other.
DOMContentLoaded may happen both before an async script (if an async scripts finishes loading after the page is completely.

or after an async script (if an async script is short or was in HTTP-Cache.

THE ASYNC ATTRIBUTE IS ONLY FOR EXTERNAL SC SCRIPTS.Just like defer, the async attribute is ignored if the <script>tag has no src.

defer:The defer attribute tells the browser not to wait for the scripts. Instead , the browser will continue to process the HTML , build DOM . The script loads "in the background", and 
then runs when the DOM is fully built.

Script with defer never block the page.
Script with defer always execute when the DOM is ready(but before DOMContentLoaded event).

THE DEFER ATTRIBUTE IS ONLY FOR EXTERNAL SCRIPTS.THE DEFER ATTRIBUTE IS IGNORED IF THE <script> TAG HAS NO src.

THANKS & REGARDS
ASHISH ANAND 
(7488005607)

